Get peers info (#224)
Concordium/concordium-java-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased changes

> - Added support for GRPC V2 Get Peers Info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for GRPC V2 `GetPeersInfo` for retrieving information of the peers that the node holds.
```
